Psalm 148 praise the Lord praise the
Psalm 148 praise the Lord praise the Lord from the heaven praise Him in the
Lord from the heaven praise Him in the
Lord from the heaven praise Him in the heights praise him all his angels praise
heights praise him all his angels praise
heights praise him all his angels praise him all his hosts praise Him Sun and
him all his hosts praise Him Sun and
him all his hosts praise Him Sun and Moon praise him all you stars of light
Moon praise him all you stars of light
Moon praise him all you stars of light praise him you heavens of heavens and
praise him you heavens of heavens and
praise him you heavens of heavens and you waters above the heavens let them
you waters above the heavens let them
you waters above the heavens let them praise the name of the Lord for he
praise the name of the Lord for he
praise the name of the Lord for he commanded and they were created he also
commanded and they were created he also
commanded and they were created he also established them forever and ever
established them forever and ever
established them forever and ever he made a decree which shall not pass
he made a decree which shall not pass
he made a decree which shall not pass away
away
away praise the Lord from the earth you great
praise the Lord from the earth you great
praise the Lord from the earth you great sea creatures and all the depths fire
sea creatures and all the depths fire
sea creatures and all the depths fire and hail snow
stormy winds filling his word mountain
stormy winds filling his word mountain and all hills fruitful trees and of
and all hills fruitful trees and of
and all hills fruitful trees and of cedars beasts and all cattle creeping
cedars beasts and all cattle creeping
cedars beasts and all cattle creeping things and flying foul kings of the
things and flying foul kings of the
things and flying foul kings of the earth door peoples princes and all
earth door peoples princes and all
earth door peoples princes and all judges of their both young men and
judges of their both young men and
judges of their both young men and maidens old men and children let them
maidens old men and children let them
maidens old men and children let them praise the name of the Lord for his name
praise the name of the Lord for his name
praise the name of the Lord for his name alone was exalted his glory is above the
alone was exalted his glory is above the
alone was exalted his glory is above the earth in heaven and he has exalted the
earth in heaven and he has exalted the
earth in heaven and he has exalted the Horn of his people the praise of all his
Horn of his people the praise of all his
Horn of his people the praise of all his saints of the children of Israel the
saints of the children of Israel the
saints of the children of Israel the people near to him praise the Lord
people near to him praise the Lord
people near to him praise the Lord [Music]